We've seen how to correct
non-words of English, but
what happens if the error
produces a real word.
This turns out to be
a very common problem.
Maybe between a quarter and
a half of spelling errors,
depending on the application,
turn out to be real words.
And, so,
in the examples from a classic paper by.
The word minutes is misspelled as minuets,
perfectly reasonable English word.
The word and is misspelled as the word an,
a very common English word.
Leave as lave, by as be and so on and
so, not only are these English words,
but some of them are quite common and
frequently used English words so
a much tougher problem solving
the real word spelling error Task.
Again what we're going to do for the
real-world spelling errors is very similar
to what we did for the non real words.
We're going to generate a candidate
set which includes the word itself and
all single-letter edits that produce
English words and maybe we'll also,
in some versions, produce words that
are homophones that sound alike.
And given this candidate set for each
word, we'll choose the best candidates,
either using the noisy channel model or
you can imagine we'll talk later about
more complex models that use classifiers.
So, let's look at that in detail.
Given a sentence with word 1 through
word n, we're going to generate for
each word A set of candidates.
So for word 1, we have the candidates Word
1 itself, and then a bunch of variants.
The single edit distance
neighbors of that word.
Word 1 prime, Word 1 double-prime,
Word 1 triple-prime.
Word 2, Word 2 prime, Word 2 double-prime,
Word 2 triple-prime, and so on.
For each of the words, so we have a whole
lot of candidates preach the words.
And now we're going to choose
the sequence, capital W,
the sequence of candidates
that has maximal probability.
In other words we might pick word one
from this candidate set and word.
Two prime prime from
this candidate set and
word three prime prime prime from
this candidate set and so on.
For each word we're going to pick some
candidate which might be the word itself
or some correction of that word.
And we're going to pick
the sequence that is most likely.
Let's look at an example of that.
We have the imagine the three
word mini-sentence, two of thew.
T-H-W, thew.
So for each word,
the word two, the word of,
the word thew, we generate potential.
Corrections, each of which is a word of
English that is at a distance of one.
So I've shown some here.
So two could have been the word to,
if the original word two was,
the error was an insertion of a W.
Or it could have been the word tao, where
the error was a substitution of A for W.
Or could've been the word Too
substitution of an O by a W.
Or could've been,
the word Two could be correct.
Similarly, of could've been the correct
word could've been off, and
there was a deletion of an F.
So again three candidates Off, On,
including the word Of itself and
the word Thew,
which is a real-word of english.
Could have been the word threw and
the r got deleted, or the word thaw or
the word the, a very common word.
And ew, a very likely error turns
out because w is right next to
e in the keyboard And so on, so
we have each of our candidate sets.
And then we just want to ask,
of all the possible sets of sentences
produced by paths in this graph,
so here's one, to of threw.
Here's another one, to on thaw,
here's another one,
two of the and someone for
each of those possible sentences,
what's the most likely one
according to the noisy channel?
Pick the most probable one
according to the noisy channel.
And hopefully the that noisy channel,
a good noisy channel model,
will pick the correct answer two of
the as the most likely sequence here.
In practice, for spelling correction,
we also make the simplification that we're
only seeing one error, rather than letting
every word have a possible error in it.
In other words, the set of sequences
we consider is the sequences in which
only one of the words is an error and the
rest of the words were correct as typed.
So here w1, w3, and
w4 were correct as typed and it was word
two that was misspelled, and we replace
it by word two double prime let's say.
Or in this sequence it was the word
three that was misspelled.
The was misspelled as thew, and so
here is the error and
these words are correct, and so on.
So, these smaller sets of
possible candid sequences.
So instead of having to consider
n squared possible sequences,
we're just considering a constant
times n possible sequences.
From this set,
now we choose the sequence that maximizes,
that has the maximum probability.
So we picked the most likely,
most probable, most
conditionally most probable
sequence of candidates.
Where do we get these probabilities?
Again, the language model,
just as we saw before,
we have our unigram, we have or
bigram, smoothing method we'd like.
The Channel model is just the same again
as for the non-word spelling error
correction, the only difference is, we now
need a probability of having no error.
Because of course, we're assuming that
only one of the words is an error, so
we have to have a probability for all
those other words that are not an error.
We need to be able to decide when we
have an error and when a word is,
in fact, correct.
Meaning that the probability of the word
itself, giving the word, is high.
So I'm likely to have an error.
How do we compute this
probability of no error?
What's the channel probability for
a correctly typed word?
And this obviously depends
on the application.
And so, we might make the assumption that,
in a particular application,
1 word in 10 is typed wrong.
And that means that the probability
of a correctly typed word is 0.90.
Or we might have instead the assumption
that 1 word in 200 is wrong.
And so now, the probability of any
word being typed correctly is .995.
So there's our channel model
probability of a word not changing.
Let's assume the channel model of a task
it Has a probability of
one in twenty of an error.
Meaning that 95% of the time
the word is correct as typed,
so here's one from Peter Norwig.
Again we have the spelling error t.h.e.w.
And we want to know whether
it should be the word 'the'.
The word few, that it was correct as
typed, or thaw or threw or thwe and so on.
And again, for
each one we generate our channel model,
and channel model were exactly
computed the same way as before.
We have the probability of
a substitution of a being
substituted by an e or
of a R being deleted after an H.
And so on that we can compute
just from our channel models.
So here's our channel model probabilities.
And again we have our language
model probability just as before.
And these are examples Peter Norvig
computed from the Google ingram accounts.
And again, we've assumed the channel model
of a word not changing of the error x.
We can generate it by correctly
generated by the word x.
And we can multiply these together that
multiply together the channel model.
With the language model and
I'm again showing you things multiplied
by 10 to the 9th make me easy to read.
You can see that the word
the is correctly chosen.
Very high probability as
the misspelling of the word thew
by itself and in context and
this is using a unigram language model.
If we're using a bigram or a trigram we're
even more likely probably to distinguish
when the word thew really was the word
thew and when it was the word the.
So that's real word spelling correction.
We simply take the, the standard
algorithm, noisy channel algorithm for
non real words Add and
probability of an edit not happening, and
then allow every word, to imagine
every word could have been an error.
And then look for
the most likely sequence.
Simplifying usually by assuming
only 1 error per sentence.